dataset
When I first read the manuscript for Your Brain at Work , I asked David Rock if I could share it with my wife and two teenagers. The writing is clear, the ideas transformative, and the setup fabulous: Scenes are played out in normal day-today work and home life, then the same situation is reenacted when the characters have learned to think and behave with the “brain in mind.” When they’ve developed the ability to understand their minds more deeply—to have what I call “mindsight”— they have a conscious choice over how to engage their brains, and now have the power to change their habits. The mind—how we regulate the flow of energy and information—uses the brain to create itself. For this reason, the emerging science of the brain is a natural place to develop more effective strategies for improving life at work. David Rock has taken challenging areas of neuroscience and cognition and interpreted them in an accurate yet highly accessible manner. He has interviewed scientists directly, visiting their laboratories, and has spent hundreds of hours culling the latest findings to extract the most current understanding of how the mind and brain influence our lives. The suggestions here are powerful tools, based on rigorous science, for helping people throughout the workforce. If you are a frontline employee, the stories and science in this book will help you become more effective in your work and avoid burnout. If you are a manager, the information offered here will enable you to delegate with more skill and juggle various projects with more success. And if you are in a leadership position, knowing about the brain can help you create an organizational structure that inspires your employees to take pride in their work, bring more attention and resourcefulness to their tasks, and work more collaboratively with their peers. Learning to live with the brain in mind is a powerful way to strengthen your mind and improve your professional life. With more ability to regulate the flow of energy and information in your work, you can become more effective and achieve a greater sense of satisfaction. David Rock is just the right guide for bringing the brain to work. We can all thank him for sharing his hardearned insights—and wonderful sense of humor.
